Hey, everyone, what's
up, it's Rob Dodson,
in today's episode
of Polycast, I'm
going to give you
an overview of what
has changed in the new
release of Polymer,
and we're also going to take
a look at one weird trick
to make it a lot easier to work
with the core drawer panel.
Let's dive in.
So as of a little
over a week ago,
Polymer is now at version
0.5.1 and with that
comes some pretty
interesting changes.
First and foremost is
the fact that platform.js
has been renamed to
webcomponents.js.
This is really just to clarify
that the polyfills are just
for web components and
you can work with them
without requiring
the rest of Polymer.
Even more concrete, the
team has moved ownership
of the polyfills from
the Polymer organization
over to WebComponents.org.
WebComponents.org is
a community-run site
focused exclusively on the
web component standards,
and does not cater to
any particular library
or framework.
And Polymer Team will still
be contributing heavily
to the polyfills, but the
hope is that this makes them
into more of a shared
resource for everyone.
Another big announcement
is that polymer.html now
includes the unminified
source for polymer.js.
In previous versions of
Polymer, if something
was broken in Polymer itself,
and you needed to debug it,
it looked something like this.
Can you find the bug up in here?
, Yeah, me neither.
Now in Polymer 0.5.1,
you get the full source,
including comments,
which is very nice.
So now adding breakpoints
and tracking down errors
is much, much easier.
And speaking of
tracking down errors,
the Polymer team is also
releasing a new test runner
called web component tester.
Web component tester was created
to solve the problem of test
runners that worked great
for JavaScript test,
but not so well for HTML tests.
It comes prepackaged
with Mocha and Chai,
and handful of other
helper libraries.
Tests can be run on any browser
you have locally installed,
and web component
tester will also
set up a connection
to Sauce Labs
so you can run your test on
virtual machines in Windows,
Linux, Mac, and even
iOS and Android.
Now we're just barely scratching
the surface of everything
that's in the 0.5.1 release.
If you head over
the Polymer blog,
there is a full post
explaining it all,
and you can follow
this link right here
to check it out yourself.
All right, now I
know I keep promising
to show you this one weird
trick to make the core drawer
panel much more awesome, so
let's dive into our code editor
and we'll check that out.
The first thing we're going
to do in our code editor
is open our Bower JSON file
and change any reference
to 0.4.2 over to 0.5.1.
Then in my terminal, I'm
going to run bower install
to pull down all
those new components.
And back in my editor, I'm
going to change platform.js
to 0.2 webcomponents.js.
Then I want to go down
to the icon button
that we wrote out last
time, and we're actually
going to replace its ID with a
core drawer toggle attribute.
And this is a new feature of
the 0.5.1 version of the drawer
panel, and it's going
to automatically make
our menu button control the
sliding behavior of our drawer.
That means we can take all this
JavaScript we wrote last time,
and just delete it.
And we can also take this bit
of CSS that we wrote down here,
and get rid of that as well.
Now over in our browser, if we
start to re-size the page down,
you'll see that we still get
that icon button up there
in the top left, and
if we click on it,
it's still going to slide
the drawer panel out,
except this time, we didn't
have to write any JavaScript
or CSS to make that happen,
which I think is pretty hot.
All right, for those of you who
have been watching the series
so far, I know
you're really itching
to get some content inside
of this application.
To do that, we're going to need
to understand routing, data
binding, and the
core pages element.
That's going to be the focus
of our upcoming episode.
So I really hope you stick
around for all of that.
As always, thanks for watching.
I'll see you next time.